Remarks at the AIPAC Policy Conference in Washington, DC
 Good evening. Thank you very much. I speak to you today as a lifelong supporter and true friend of Israel. I'm a newcomer to politics, but not to backing the Jewish state.In 2001, weeks after the attacks on New York City and on Washington and frankly, the attacks on all of us, attacks that perpetrated and they were perpetrated by the Islamic fundamentalists, Mayor Rudy Giuliani visited Israel to show solidarity with terror victims. I sent my plane, because I backed the mission for Israel 100 percent.In spring of 2004, at the height of the violence in the Gaza Strip, I was the grand marshal of the 40th Salute to Israel parade, the largest single gathering in support of the Jewish state. It was a very dangerous time for Israel, and frankly, for anyone supporting Israel. Many people turned down this honor; I did not. I took the risk and I'm glad I did.But I didn't come here tonight to pander to you about Israel. That's what politicians do, all talk, no action, believe me. I came here to speak to you about where I stand on the future of American relations with our strategic ally, our unbreakable friendship and our cultural brother, the only democracy in the Middle East, the State of Israel.Thank you. My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran. Thank you. I have been in business a long time, I know deal making and let me tell you, this deal is catastrophic for America, for Israel and for the whole of the Middle East.The problem here is fundamental. We've rewarded the world's leading state sponsor of terror with 150 billion dollars and we received absolutely nothing in return. I've studied this issue in great detail. I would say, actually, greater by far than anybody else, believe me, oh, believe me.And it's a bad deal. The biggest concern with the deal is not necessarily that Iran is going to violate it, because already as you know, it has. The bigger problem is that they can keep the terms and still get the bomb by simply running out the clock. 